:sparkles: add utility to create git issues on provider repo (#9110)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: hack/tools/internal/update_providers/README.md

# Update CAPI Providers with CAPI beta releases

> `provider_issues` is a go utility intended to open git issues on provider repos about the latest CAPI beta release.

Reviewer: is this tool used only once per cycle, e.g when first beta release is out or we are planning to update for each beta releases (-beta.0, -beta.1 etc)?

Author: Currently, this tool is to be used only once per release cycle. I.e. to update providers with the release of one beta release.

Author: Now that I think about it, we could update the utility to update the providers for each beta release. 
But the con to that is that each provider has their own workflow, and an update for each beta release might overwhelm them.

Author: addressed via 756bcb44a70938a7b18f14951bf99c1658880640

Reviewer: I think informing once with the first beta release is enough also and my intention with the question was: if we inform them once, we need to make it clear in the notes, i,e:
```suggestion
`provider_issues` is a go utility intended to open git issues on provider repos about the first beta minor release of CAPI.
```

Author: Good catch. Updated the readme.md

## Pre-requisites

- Create a github token with the below access and export it in your environment as `GITHUB_ISSUE_OPENER_TOKEN`.
  - `repo:status` - Grants access to commit status on public and private repositories.
  - `repo_deployment` - Grants access to deployment statuses on public and private repositories.
  - `public_repo` - Grants access to public repositories

- Export `PROVIDER_ISSUES_DRY_RUN` environment variable to `"true"` to run the utility in dry run mode. Export it to `"false"` to create issues on the provider repositories. Example:

  ```sh
  export PROVIDER_ISSUES_DRY_RUN="true"
  ```

- Export `RELEASE_SEMVER` environment variable to the CAPI release version.
  Example:

  ```sh
  export RELEASE_SEMVER="1.6"
  ```

- Export `RELEASE_DATE` to the targetted CAPI release version date. Fetch the target date from latest [release file](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/main/docs/release/releases).
  Example:

  ```sh
  export RELEASE_DATE="2023-11-28"
  ```

## How to run the tool

> - Finish the pre-requite [tasks](#pre-requisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finish the pre-requisites [tasks](#pre-requisites).
```

Author: addressed via 756bcb44a70938a7b18f14951bf99c1658880640
